Big brother, the house is loaned to me for the referee.
Undercover stop
Don't you listen to me?
Brother, he is an undercover agent.
I saw it with my own eyes
Crazy little two said you were undercover, what do you explain?
Can't silence
That has to get rid of him
Crazy, let me ask you something
Big brother has nothing to explain
Cleaner clears
He said I was undercover.
I think he's the undercover
You farted three years ago
I saw the warehouse in the outer suburbs with my own eyes
You and the guards pretend to be buyers
Took our brother
And destroyed all the inventory in my Wanhu Villa
Three years ago, the second master escaped from the warehouse in the suburbs
What he said can't be false
Crazy, you didn't expect it
I have not only seen you
I even played against you
I remember your face even if it's dead
You are not undercover
Who is the undercover?
Ah Xiao Tianao, let me ask you
The eldest brother was taken away by the forbidden guard at that time
You were there.
Big Brother Wolf should go to jail
You are safe and sound
Yes and no
The warehouse in the outer suburbs was destroyed three years ago
Brothers are banned as a net
Only you are safe and sound
Yes and no
You colluded with Jingwei
Murder the Villa Brothers
Trying to frame me
You are dreaming oh my god
How do you explain it? Wow.
How to explain
How do I explain
I cut off my fingers for food
I make a life and death pact again
If I, Xiao Tianao, throw a fire
They cut me to bleed.
Keep it wild
Ah!
Dare to take your life as a guarantee
Looks like you have a lot of French
big brother
I only have one treatment for undercover agents in Crouching Tiger Villa
Rather kill ten thousand
Won't let one go
Close the door on the left
Clean the door